I"<<p>Context of the project: Sodexo recently gains the call for offer coming from the three different areas of Belgium (Wallonia, Flanders, Brussels) to be the only service provider of the service vouchers. 
They already gained it several years before that’s why they already had platforms and apps which provided the service needed from the regions. The main goal was to, based on what they had, completely rethink and redo the platforms and mobile apps with a strong UX focus and accordingly with a lot of constraints from the 3 different specifications (for each region).
My mission consisted in understanding the current platforms and apps, its features and the whole life cycle of the services vouchers from each side: the citizens, the providers, the workers and Sodexo. Then, to be able to help them to propose new platforms and apps with a lot of improvements compared to the previous ones. The challenge was to deliver 2 platforms and 2 apps in less than 6 months.</p>

<h2 id="plateform-web--citizens-side">Plateform Web : Citizens side</h2>

<h1 id="i-decided-to-read-and-analyze-all-the-data-already-gathered-and-to-review-all-the-current-screens-and-flows-then-i-decided-to-review-the-content-organization-and-hierarchy-thats-why-i-did-some-ideation-with-the-experts-of-the-field-and-then-i-ran-some-card-sorting-and-tree-testing-i-took-the-opportunity-of-these-tests-to-ask-some-questions-about-the-weakness-and-strength-of-the-current-platform">I decided to read and analyze all the data already gathered and to review all the current screens and flows. Then, I decided to review the content organization and hierarchy, that’s why I did some ideation with the experts of the field and then I ran some card sorting and tree testing. I took the opportunity of these tests to ask some questions about the weakness and strength of the current platform.</h1>
<p>I sorted out the most important content of the platform for the citizens and elaborated a content hierarchy, then, the whole architecture. After that, I did some ideation and small workshop for each big feature. With the results, I did some drafts and wireframes which become a base to discuss with the product owners, the UIs and some concerned developers. After some iterations, I created some usable prototypes, which once validated by all, could be designed by the UIs. Then, it had to be submitted to the region, which were often the time to discuss and defend the proposition that was made, considering the dev capacity, the constraints and the time allowed. I regularly did some review of the screens made (in Zeplin) to be sure that the applied design matched the UX view.
In production, I ran some beta tests and prepared and monitored a UX diary survey. I also prepared a survey with a set of questions for when they will feel the need to receive some feedbacks about their new platform.</p>
:ET